for 25 years Cabela's and gore-tex have
worked together to bring you the most
innovative out were available our new
gore-tex guide wear series is the next
generation in our guide wear line and is
the most extreme outerwear on the market
it's a favorite among professional
anglers fishing guides and almost
everyone who spends long days on the
water in any weather the new guide wear
is about comfort and ease of use
combined with the reliability that
you've come to expect from guide wear
the parka features an innovative
overlapping gutter system combined with
a 100% waterproof front zipper to keep
hard driving rain and spray out get
allows for quick and easy on and off to
prove the effectiveness of guide where
I'm going to get sprayed down by a water
hose but thanks to the gutter system and
the waterproof zippers when I take the
part off I'll be perfectly dry
sheds all the water ban zip dry as a
bone
perfect one of the best features for
anglers is the xes belt system inside
the parka the xes
which stands for extreme comfort system
belt offers added support for your back
for those long runs or long days on
choppy water the three point floating
design keeps the belt in place no matter
which direction you move and it can be
clipped into place or stowed in the belt
garages when not in use there's plenty
of pockets inside and out plus floating
stretchable gore-tex cuffs to seal
moisture out of the sleeves while the
articulated elbows ensure a full range
of uninhibited motion and we haven't
forgotten about your lower body along
front entry zipper on our bibs gives you
easy on and off and ventilation plus
half legs if US make them easy to pull
on over shoes or boots reinforced knees
and seat
protect these high wear areas from
abrasion cabela's guide wear is
recognized worldwide as the industry
standard by which all other
high-performance rain gear is measured